# NMOS Authorization: Node  Implementation Guide
_(c) AMWA 2020, CC Attribution-NoDerivatives 4.0 International (CC BY-ND 4.0)_

## Document Overview
### Scope
This document is intended as a guide for implementers who want to add NMOS Authorization to their NMOS Nodes, where that Node is a typical broadcast device. (Implementation of NMOS Authorization in Nodes that act as controllers is NOT within the scope of this document [REF to NMOS Controller guide]).
### Structure

 - _Pre-requisites_ - what you need to know before you start your implementation.
 - _Authenticated API Calls_ - including NMOS Authorization in your Node implementation.
 - _Development Resources_ - useful tools and resources to help in your   
   implementation journey. 
- _References_ - In addition to the links to   
   articles, specifications and tutorials found within the guide, this  
   section contains other useful reading.
 
 ### Terminology
 The use of OAuth 2.0 terminology has been adopted in the IS-10 standard. OAuth 2.0 was originally developed for allowing webapps to access protected resource, where the webapp is the Client and the protected resource is the Resource Server.  However, the NMOS Node acts as both a client (when, for instance, registering with the NMOS Registry) AND as a Resource Server (when, for instance, accepting a connection request).  For this reason the Node is sometimes referred to as the Client and sometimes as the Resource Server depending on context.
<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbLTE1MjQ2NzEyNjFdfQ==
-->