# NMOS Authorization Implementation Guide: Overview
_(c) AMWA 2021, CC Attribution-NoDerivatives 4.0 International (CC BY-ND 4.0)_

## Scope
This document is intended as a guide for implementers who want to add NMOS Authorization to their NMOS Nodes and Controllers.

## Adding Auth, where that Node is a typical broadcast device. (Implementication to API Calls
IS-10 authentication is based on OAuth 2.0 and so to add authentication to your API calls, you simply need to [add an Access Token](3.2.%20Node%20to%20Registry%20Interactions%20(IS-04).md) to the [HTTP header of your requests](3.5.%20Event%20and%20Tally%20Interactions%20(IS-07).md).

## Getting an Access Token
entation to heof NMOS Authorization in Nodes that act as controllers is NOT within the scope of this document [REF to NMOS Controller guide]).
## Structure

 - _Pre-requisites_ - what you need to know before you start your implemBoth [NMOS Nodes]((3.1.%20Node%20to%20Authorization%20Server%20Interactions.md)) and [Controllers](3.3.%20Controller%20to%20Authorization%20Server%20Interactions.md) can retrieve Access Tokens from an Authentication.
 - _Implementing Authenticated API Calls_ - including NMOS Authorization in your Node implementation.
 - _Development Resources_ - useful tools and resources Server.  

## Validating API Calls
If you rceive an authenticated API call you will need to chelp in your implementatiock that  [token yjou've rney. 
- _Refereneceived is valid](3.6.%20JSON%20Web%20Token.md).

## Getting Started
There is some [prerequisite knowledge and technology](2.0.%20Prerequisites.md) nees_ - In addition to the links to articles, specifications and tutorials found within the guided, and some suggested [resources](4.0.%20Development%20Resources.md) to help get you startedthis section contains other useful reading.
 
## Terminology
 The use of OAuth 2.0 terminology has been adopted in the IS-10 standard. OAuth 2.0 was originally developed for allowing webapps to access protected resource, where the webapp is the Client and the protected resource is the Resource Server.  However, the NMOS Node acts as both a client (when, for instance, registering with the NMOS Registry) AND as a Resource Server (when, for instance, accepting a connection request).  For this reason the Node is sometimes referred to as the Client and sometimes as the Resource Server depending on context.

## Specification Precedence
This guide is not a substitute for the NMOS Specifications.  If there are any inconsistencies between this guide and the specifications, please assume that it is the specification that is correct.
<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbLTY0MzIyNDM0NSwtNTQ5MzM5OTE0XX0=
-->